--English. Vietnamese below.
End-User License Agreement (EULA) of VJIT Alumni

This End-User License Agreement ("EULA") is a legal agreement between you and Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology. Our EULA was created by EULA Template for VJIT Alumni.

This EULA agreement governs your acquisition and use of our VJIT Alumni application ("Software") directly from Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology or indirectly through a Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology authorized reseller or distributor (a "Reseller"). Our Privacy Policy was created by the Privacy Policy Generator.

Please read this EULA agreement carefully before completing the installation process and using the VJIT Alumni application. It provides a license to use the VJIT Alumni application and contains warranty information and liability disclaimers.

If you register for a free trial of the VJIT Alumni application, this EULA agreement will also govern that trial. By clicking "accept" or installing and/or using the VJIT Alumni application, you are confirming your acceptance of the application and agreeing to become bound by the terms of this EULA agreement.

If you are entering into this EULA agreement on behalf of a company or other legal entity, you represent that you have the authority to bind such entity and its affiliates to these terms and conditions. If you do not have such authority or if you do not agree with the terms and conditions of this EULA agreement, do not install or use the application, and you must not accept this EULA agreement.

This EULA agreement shall apply only to the application supplied by Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology herewith regardless of whether other application is referred to or described herein. The terms also apply to any Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology updates, supplements, Internet-based services, and support services for the application, unless other terms accompany those items on delivery. If so, those terms apply.

License Grant

Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology hereby grants you a personal, non-transferable, non-exclusive licence to use the VJIT Alumni application on your devices in accordance with the terms of this EULA agreement.

You are permitted to load the VJIT Alumni application (for example a PC, laptop, mobile or tablet) under your control. You are responsible for ensuring your device meets the minimum requirements of the VJIT Alumni application.

You are not permitted to:

Edit, alter, modify, adapt, translate or otherwise change the whole or any part of the application nor permit the whole or any part of the application to be combined with or become incorporated in any other application, nor decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the application or attempt to do any such things
Reproduce, copy, distribute, resell or otherwise use the application for any commercial purpose
Allow any third party to use the application on behalf of or for the benefit of any third party
Use the application in any way which breaches any applicable local, national or international law
use the application for any purpose that Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology considers is a breach of this EULA agreement
Intellectual Property and Ownership

Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology shall at all times retain ownership of the application as originally downloaded by you and all subsequent downloads of the application by you. The application (and the copyright, and other intellectual property rights of whatever nature in the application, including any modifications made thereto) are and shall remain the property of Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology.

Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology reserves the right to grant licences to use the application to third parties.

Termination

This EULA agreement is effective from the date you first use the application and shall continue until terminated. You may terminate it at any time upon written notice to Vietnam Japan Institute of Technology.

It will also terminate immediately if you fail to comply with any term of this EULA agreement. Upon such termination, the licenses granted by this EULA agreement will immediately terminate and you agree to stop all access and use of the application. The provisions that by their nature continue and survive will survive any termination of this EULA agreement.

Governing Law

This EULA agreement, and any dispute arising out of or in connection with this EULA agreement, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Vietnam.

--Vietnamese
Thỏa thuận Cấp phép Người dùng Cuối (EULA) của Cựu sinh viên VJIT

Thỏa thuận Cấp phép Người dùng Cuối này ("EULA") là thỏa thuận pháp lý giữa bạn và Viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật. EULA của chúng tôi được tạo bởi Mẫu EULA dành cho Cựu sinh viên VJIT.

Thỏa thuận EULA này điều chỉnh việc bạn mua và sử dụng phần mềm VJIT Alumni ("Phần mềm") của chúng tôi trực tiếp từ Viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật hoặc gián tiếp thông qua người bán lại hoặc nhà phân phối được ủy quyền của Viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật ("Người bán lại"). Chính sách Bảo mật của chúng tôi được tạo bởi Trình tạo Chính sách Bảo mật.

Vui lòng đọc kỹ thỏa thuận EULA này trước khi hoàn tất quá trình cài đặt và sử dụng phần mềm VJIT Alumni. Nó cung cấp giấy phép sử dụng phần mềm VJIT Alumni và chứa thông tin bảo hành và tuyên bố từ chối trách nhiệm.

Nếu bạn đăng ký dùng thử miễn phí phần mềm VJIT Alumni, thỏa thuận EULA này cũng sẽ chi phối việc dùng thử đó. Bằng cách nhấp vào "chấp nhận" hoặc cài đặt và / hoặc sử dụng phần mềm VJIT Alumni, bạn xác nhận rằng bạn chấp nhận Phần mềm và đồng ý bị ràng buộc bởi các điều khoản của thỏa thuận EULA này.

Nếu bạn tham gia thỏa thuận EULA này thay mặt cho một công ty hoặc pháp nhân khác, bạn tuyên bố rằng bạn có quyền ràng buộc pháp nhân đó và các chi nhánh của nó với các điều khoản và điều kiện này. Nếu bạn không có thẩm quyền như vậy hoặc nếu bạn không đồng ý với các điều khoản và điều kiện của thỏa thuận EULA này, không cài đặt hoặc sử dụng Phần mềm và bạn không được chấp nhận thỏa thuận EULA này.

Thỏa thuận EULA này sẽ chỉ áp dụng cho Phần mềm do Viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật cung cấp kèm theo Hợp đồng này bất kể phần mềm khác được tham chiếu hay mô tả ở đây. Các điều khoản cũng áp dụng cho mọi bản cập nhật, bổ sung, dịch vụ dựa trên Internet và dịch vụ hỗ trợ Phần mềm của Viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật, trừ khi các điều khoản khác đi kèm với các mặt hàng đó khi giao hàng. Nếu vậy, các điều khoản đó sẽ được áp dụng.

Cấp giấy phép

Học viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật cấp cho bạn giấy phép cá nhân, không thể chuyển nhượng, không độc quyền để sử dụng phần mềm VJIT Alumni trên thiết bị của bạn theo các điều khoản của thỏa thuận EULA này.

Bạn được phép tải phần mềm VJIT Alumni (ví dụ: PC, máy tính xách tay, điện thoại di động hoặc máy tính bảng) dưới sự kiểm soát của bạn. Bạn có trách nhiệm đảm bảo thiết bị của mình đáp ứng các yêu cầu tối thiểu của phần mềm VJIT Alumni.

Bạn không được phép:

Chỉnh sửa, thay đổi, sửa đổi, điều chỉnh, dịch thuật hoặc thay đổi toàn bộ hoặc bất kỳ phần nào của Phần mềm cũng như cho phép toàn bộ hoặc bất kỳ phần nào của Phần mềm được kết hợp hoặc trở thành hợp nhất trong bất kỳ phần mềm nào khác, cũng như dịch ngược, tháo rời hoặc thiết kế ngược Phần mềm hoặc cố gắng thực hiện bất kỳ điều nào như vậy
Sao chép, sao chép, phân phối, bán lại hoặc sử dụng Phần mềm cho bất kỳ mục đích thương mại nào
Cho phép bất kỳ bên thứ ba nào sử dụng Phần mềm thay mặt hoặc vì lợi ích của bất kỳ bên thứ ba nào
Sử dụng Phần mềm theo bất kỳ cách nào vi phạm bất kỳ luật địa phương, quốc gia hoặc quốc tế hiện hành nào
sử dụng Phần mềm cho bất kỳ mục đích nào mà Viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật cho là vi phạm thỏa thuận EULA này
Sở hữu trí tuệ và quyền sở hữu

Viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật tại mọi thời điểm sẽ giữ quyền sở hữu Phần mềm do bạn tải xuống ban đầu và tất cả các lần tải xuống Phần mềm tiếp theo của bạn. Phần mềm (và bản quyền, và các quyền sở hữu trí tuệ khác thuộc bất kỳ bản chất nào trong Phần mềm, bao gồm bất kỳ sửa đổi nào được thực hiện đối với phần mềm đó) và sẽ vẫn là tài sản của Viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật.

Viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật có quyền cấp phép sử dụng Phần mềm cho bên thứ ba.

Chấm dứt

Thỏa thuận EULA này có hiệu lực kể từ ngày bạn sử dụng Phần mềm lần đầu tiên và sẽ tiếp tục cho đến khi chấm dứt. Bạn có thể chấm dứt nó bất kỳ lúc nào khi có thông báo bằng văn bản cho Viện Công nghệ Việt Nhật.

Nó cũng sẽ chấm dứt ngay lập tức nếu bạn không tuân thủ bất kỳ điều khoản nào của thỏa thuận EULA này. Sau khi chấm dứt như vậy, các giấy phép được cấp bởi thỏa thuận EULA này sẽ ngay lập tức chấm dứt và bạn đồng ý ngừng mọi quyền truy cập và sử dụng Phần mềm. Các điều khoản về bản chất vẫn tiếp tục và tồn tại sẽ có hiệu lực sau bất kỳ sự chấm dứt nào của thỏa thuận EULA này.

Luật chi phối

Thỏa thuận EULA này, và bất kỳ tranh chấp nào phát sinh từ hoặc liên quan đến thỏa thuận EULA này, sẽ được điều chỉnh và hiểu theo luật của Việt Nam.
